January 11, 2026

STATE OF CURSOR TODAY AND THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

I was vibe coding along with Cursor today.Agent mode.
It was generating a markdown file for each prompt.
In one prompt, I asked it to "give pros and cons of each, lets discuss".
Even then, it went ahead and created a markdown file.
And the same think was in the response of each prompt.
Thats the same content twice, in the output.
Feel like these apps are hardcoded to generate as much text as possible. 
Not to mention, each query takes in the whole history again. Each query takes in the whole cumulative contxt .
So lets assume , in theory, there is a chat between two people Q and A.
Lets assume the conversation is liek : Q1,A1,Q2,A2,Q3,A3,Q4,A4.

But with LLMs, the conversation is like Q1,A1,(Q2+Q1),A2,(Q1+Q2+Q3),A3,(Q1+Q2+Q3+Q4),A4.

Bet these companies are justifying their capex spends based on metrics like aggreagte input token count and output otken count.
I know there is a reponses api which can take in previous_response_id but this is not the default in cursor.ITs still on chat completions API.
--------------------------


THis reminds me of one more thing.
US carried out an operation where it abducted a leader of a foreign country.I am talking about Venezuelan leader Nicolas Maduro.
The legal justification hasn't come out yet.
Not imagine, if the same thing had been done by India. There would be condemnation, criticism and public pressure to accept that it was a mistake.
But not with the US. THey can do anything. Their official statement partly read "Strength is the only way to continue peace". Ok, will keep that in mind.


--------------------------

I have decided to speak out when I solve problems and write more while trying to solve.
I used to have a friend Pranjal, he used to scribble a lot. Reminded me of him today.
I feel speaking and writing activate a different part of our brain.


--------------------------

Spoke to my past manager Nischaiy for quite some time friday evening. 
He asked me to practice giving interviews more.
His way of high level view of problems, even when one doesnt have the complete details is what I want to pick up.
