January 1, 2026


A tribute to our parents.

I was at a night camping place recently. We had settled for the night in our tents around 1am after a 
tiring session of dancing ourselves out. It was about 1am and I fell fast asleep. But I was awoken around 2:30am 
by the crying noises of a boy. The boy and his parents were in the tent beside ours.

We had noticed the boy in the evening. He was a cute little guy and he was roaming continuously throughout the 
evening. But , in the middle of the night, he was crying profusely, saying "I love you amma" and "I love you appa" to 
his mother and fasther. His parents were trying to pacify him, trying to ask him if his tummy was hurting. 
They offered him some water, trying to tell him some stories about the evening. In the end , the boy fell asleep around 3am.

We didnt try to interfere, we were sure that the parents would take care of their child. But it was a nuissance, we thought.
"These days it's so difficult to have a good time, due to these children, be it in a train, a cinema hall, or in a 
night camp,  we thought". 

I asked myself why would the parents put their children through these "sessions", when clearly,
there is a very high chance that the child would likely cause inconvenience to people around and also to them.
But then I put myself in the shoes of the parents. I would imagine , a period of 6-8 years in which the child is 
cranky more often than not, where the child needs constant care and attention. The parents would have made that particular plan
after very serious consideration, they would have probably thought "its been so long since we went out, 
we dont get any time for ourselves anyway". I imagive they would have put off atleast 4-5 prevous plans before they decided 
to do this. 

Then I thought, our parents have done this. They have gone through the same thing. Then it hit me. how, they must have 
sacrificed a good chink of their lives, probably more than atleast 10 years, just for us to be ourselves, just for us. 

The next morning, the parents told that they had given a "medicine" in the middle of the night and the boy slept after that.
They said that they thought the body "ran a lot" in the evening and generally communicates well to say what he fells.
They said he was 3 years old and he was a "good boy". Generation these days I thought.

So the next time you are disturbed by a small child crying, spare a thought for the poor parents and thank your parents for what all they have done for you.

